Document that Brave also supports x-ipfs-path (#761)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/companion-x-ipfs-path-header.md

IPFS Companion can redirect traditional HTTP requests to IPFS if the `x-ipfs-path` response header is provided.

> Additionally, the Brave browser will display an “Open using IPFS” button on the address bar when this header is returned by a tab’s main document frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, some browser vendors like [Brave](https://brave.com/ipfs-support/) may display an “Open using IPFS” button on the address bar when this header is returned for the root document in the current tab.
```
